For instructions about compiling or installing, see the file INSTALL.

---

Writing logic programs for the exchange node for problems beyond NP:
Predicates provided by ASDP: current/1, introduced/1, removed/1, childTuple/1, mapped/3, sub/2, childCost/2
Predicates expected by ASDP: map/3, chosenChildTuple/1 (for exchange), chosenChildTuple{L,R}/1 (for join), cost/1, currentCost/1.
Additionally to the provided predicates you get the original problem instance.

In the following, let the term "level L assignment" mean an assignment that maps to each vertex V exactly one value K, given by the output predicate map(L,V,K). Suppose the problem is on the n-th level of the polynomial hierarchy. In this case a tuple consists of
-) a level 0 assignment,
-) a set of level 1 assignments,
-) for each level 1 assignment, a set of level 2 assignments,
-) for each level 2 assignment, a set of level 3 assignments,
-) ...
-) for each level n-3 assignment, a set of level n-1 assignments.

The structure of a tuple is therefore a tree like in the following example for a problem on the 3rd level of the PH, where a number n stands for a level n assignment:

       0
     / | \
    1  1  1
   / \    |
  2   2   2

Since there are four leaves, there are four paths from the root to a leaf. Therefore four answer sets of your program are used to construct this tuple.For instance the followings answer sets could correspond to the paths, from left to right (assuming just a single vertex v):
AS 0: map(0,v,red) map(1,v,red) map(2,v,red)
AS 1: map(0,v,red) map(1,v,red) map(2,v,green)
AS 2: map(0,v,red) map(1,v,green)
AS 3: map(0,v,red) map(1,v,blue) map(2,v,red)

The provided predicate sub(I,J) declares that the assignment I is a parent of the assignment J in a tree like above. The provided predicate mapped(I,V,K) denotes that the assignment with the ID I maps K to V. I can either be a child tuple or some subsidiary assignment.

---

Writing exchange node programs for problems in NP:
Conceptually this is just a special case where you have only level 0 assignments. For problems in NP, each answer set of the exchange node program therefore corresponds to exactly one tuple. Instead of map/3 you now must use map/2, which works the same as in the general case, but with the level parameter omitted. Obviously, there is no provided sub/2 predicate.
